As we learn to program the number of problems we can solve with code also increases.
This implies that our challenges are going to be harder to solve.
You already know how to use comparison and logical operators, how to control flow and loops.
You know, super useful statements such as random zip range and more.
You are now ready to go up a level and I will ask you to program something a little more complicated
than what we have done so far.
Today, you are going to create for the first time a fully functional game with which you can even have
some fun yourself.
The task is this the program will ask for the user's name and then it will say something like, Well,
John, I've thought of a number between one and 100 and you have only eight tries to guess it.
What number do you think it is?
On each try, the player will say a number and the program can answer for different things.
If the number the user said is less than one or greater than 100, it will tell them that he or she
has chosen a number that is out of play or something like that.
If the number the user chose is less than the number the program thought of, it will tell them that
the answer is wrong and that he chose or she chose a lower number than the secret number.
If the user chose a number greater than the secret number, it will let them know that that it was greater.
And if the user got the secret number right, they will be informed that they have won and how many
tries that has taken them.
If the user has not guessed correctly in their first attempt, they will be asked again to choose another
number and so on until they win or until their eight attempts are done.
So are you up for it?
Of course you are.
I remind you the same as always.
The most important thing is that you accept this challenge, that you have a good time trying.
It's going to be hard, but don't worry about it.
Try to figure out each step.
You know that from what you've learned in this course so far, you have all the knowledge.
It's somewhere in there.
Maybe you have to go back, rewatch a lesson, relook at some of the things that we've programmed so
far, but know that you are able to do this and no matter what, even if you get stuck, try spend some
time with it and then we'll follow up and Federico will show you exactly how to do it.
So on to some good music.
A hot or cold drink, depending on your mood.
The time of day, a quiet corner.
Let's get over to program.